---
layout: article
title: Preseason Power Rankings
tags: [Rankings]
authors: [Jack Miller]
---

1) Sea Turtles (0-0)<br>
The Sea Turtles, led by general manager John Keenan, look to rebound after a disappointing season last year, the first year in which they did not make a playoff appearance. This year, the new-look Turtles are led by David Johnson, whom they selected with the second overall pick in the 2017 NTFFL draft. Johnson is regarded by most experts (including FantasyPros, ESPN, and Yahoo!) as the #1 overall player in the 2017 class. According to USA Today, Johnson’s goal for the season is to surpass the millennial mark in both receiving and rushing yards. After Johnson, the Turtles also managed to lock up Brandin Cooks, who surprisingly fell all the way to 23 overall. Cooks is now the #1 receiver in Tom Brady’s offense and, although the Patriots are known for taking what the defense gives them and spreading it around, Cooks will get a lot of valuable targets from the best quarterback of this era. In the third round, Keenan selected Leonard Fournette, the Jaguars rookie out of LSU. Fournette has drawn Adrian Peterson comparisons for his combination of strength and size. In college, Fournette was able to bulldoze opponents with his sheer size. This year, it’ll be interesting to see how Fournette manages behind the Jaguars mediocre offensive line. In the next two rounds, Keenan took Drew Brees and Greg Olsen, two players who can be referred to as “set-and-forget players”: set them in your lineup, and forget about it until their bye week. The Turtles are lacking some depth, being forced to start Sammy Watkins (missed 20 games over three years in the league) and Theo Riddick, merely a third down back, although he does play in the Lions pass-happy scheme. If Johnson stays healthy and Cooks performs as he’s expected to, the Sea Turtles should be able to rebound from last year’s dismal 6-7 record. Keenan selected Matt Prater with the second-to-last pick of the draft (Prater is currently the latest pick still on a roster), who was 7/7 from beyond fifty yards last season.

2) Marcus MariYODA (0-0)<br>
With Colin Gorney at the helm, this team has built a reputation for not scoring many points yet still managing to win games. Because of this, Gorney teams normally have lower rankings in the weekly power rankings. That changes this year. Gorney selected Mike Evans with the seventh overall pick. Evans came out of the gates blazing hot last year and was the overall WR1 at the midseason mark. However, in the last eight games, Evans was a top 12 fantasy scorer among WRs just once. That’s not to say he was bad in those eight weeks - he still finished as the WR7 in PPR and WR9 in standard scoring, but he cooled down considerably. Compare that to DeAndre Hopkins in 2015, another receiver who started strong and cooled off considerably down the stretch, and the similarities are striking. There’s one main difference though, and that’s quarterback. Say whatever you will about Jameis Winston, but he’s an above average NFL QB. The same can’t be said about Brock Osweiler. With Winston at the helm and the Bucs continuing their run-heavy offense that they began doing the second half of last year, I expect Evans to finish between WR6-10 this year. Certainly not a bad first pick. However, it’s the rounds after that that Gorney really shined. Todd Gurley is a prime bounce back candidate after the Rams signed Pro Bowl LT Andrew Whitworth to a massive contract. Gurley’s struggles last year were no fault of his own, he just had no room to run. With Whitworth coming over from Cincinnati and offensive wizard Sean McVay coaching the Rams, Gurley should be a low-end RB1 in 2017. After that, you’ve got the 2016 reception leader (Larry Fitzgerald), the #1 overall QB from weeks 5-12 last year (Mariota), and a 2016 top ten RB (Mark Ingram). Gorney looks to be a championship contender, barring injury concerns, in 2017.

3) Trust the Process (0-0)<br>
Although he claimed to be making a surprise pick at #5 overall, Kost selected running back LeSean McCoy (average draft position: fifth overall) of the Buffalo Bills. Shady is now 29 and still going strong, coming off one of the best seasons of his career, headlined by his career high 14 touchdowns. Although he is an injury concern due to his dainty hamstrings and 2,300 career touches, McCoy is a strong RB1 and a very nice pick at #5. In the second round, Kost selected Amari Cooper, Raiders WR who looks to capitalize on his top twelve finish at WR last season. Cooper is not a red zone threat despite having a big-bodied frame, as Derek Carr prefers to throw to Michael Crabtree and even Seth Roberts over Cooper in the red zone at times, making Cooper a frustrating player to own. If Cooper can score 7-8 TDs this year while maintaining the improvement he’s expected to make as he heads into his third season, it’s a very real possibility that Cooper is a first-round pick come September of 2018. Third round pick TY Hilton, put simply, is a risky pick until more is known about the health of Colts QB Andrew Luck. Hilton led the league in receiving yards last year, but has averaged less than 10 fantasy points per game when Luck has not played. If Luck’s shoulder injury lingers, Hilton is a flex play at best. When Luck is back, he immediately shoots up into WR1 territory. Kost will go into the 2017 season with Jacquizz Rodgers at running back, choosing to take it slowly with rookie running back Joe Mixon, who, as it stands now, is staring at a three-headed monster of a RBBC with Gio Bernard and Jeremy Hill. Kost goes into the season with Russell Wilson and Tyler Eifert at QB and TE, respectively, definitely one of the better QB/TE duos in the league this season. If Mixon can turn into an RB1 like some expect him to (and, to be honest, he has the ceiling to be an RB1 and the floor to be droppable) Kost might be the championship favorite. If Mixon can’t overtake Hill and Bernard or struggles behind the Bengals 31st ranked offensive line (per Pro Football Focus), Kost will still have a good chance to make the playoffs.

4) Team Miller (0-0)<br>
Another championship contender who failed to make the playoffs last season, Miller looks to rebound and his draft began in a big way as Jordy Nelson fell all the way to #12. Nelson, the #1 overall receiver in half PPR leagues last year, and the only concern for Nelson is age. With the other pick at the 1/2 turn, Miller chose Titans RB DeMarco Murray. The main concern with Murray is that he has a very talented young running back, Derrick Henry, nipping at his heels, but the Titans ran the ball third-most in the league last year with 475+ attempts. If Henry gets even 150 attempts, there is still room for Murray to tote the rock 250 times. As a prolific receiver and running behind a top five offensive line (per Pro Football Focus), Murray should be able to finish as an RB1 again. In the third round, Miller made Aaron Rodgers the first quarterback off the board at #36 overall. Rodgers was by far the most consistent QB last season, finishing in the top six QBs in ten out of sixteen weeks, or 63% of the time (Tom Brady was second at 42%, if that gives an idea on just how dominant Rodgers was last season). Then, in an effort to bolster the WR2 spot, Miller traded ninth and tenth round picks John Brown and Corey Coleman for Davante Adams, completing the Packers trifecta. This leaves Miller awfully reliant on Rodgers’ health and arm, but there’s no better arm to bet on for fantasy purposes in pro football. Stefon Diggs and Carlos Hyde round out Team Miller’s starting lineup. Overall, this team lacks the upside that other teams do at the top, but, besides an injury to Rodgers, it’s tough to envision a scenario in which this team full-out busts.

5) Cookin’ up in a Crock Pot (0-0)<br>
With the ninth pick in the 2017 draft, GM Eli Lieberman selected AJ Green. Green, simply put, was on another level in 2016 before his season ended due to injury. Green was neck-and-neck with Julio Jones and Mike Evans for the #1 WR before his injury. Green is a freak of nature with a quarterback who loves to feed him the ball and, overall, a strong choice for Eli’s first round pick. In the second round, Lieberman selected Jay Ajayi. Ajayi broke out in a huge way in 2016, although he might have the most concerns of anyone in the first two rounds. When the Dolphins offensive line was healthy in 2016, Ajayi averaged over 150 (no, that’s not a typo) rushing yards per game. Without a fully healthy line (notably, without oft-injured center Mike Pouncey), Ajayi averaged less than 60 yards a game. Furthermore, Ajayi is an injury concern himself after a couple of brutal knee injuries in college. According to Adam Schefter, Ajayi’s knee is “literally bone on bone”. Some experts speculated that he might not be able to walk after he retired from football, but he seems to have put those concerns to rest after staying healthy all of last season. Ajayi is a risky pick, but he has a chance to lead the league in carries and could challenge for the #1 overall RB this season if he and the offensive line stay healthy. It’s very unlikely and Ajayi would likely need an injury to either Johnson or Bell, but he has that kind of upside. Next, Lieberman selected Florida State rookie RB Dalvin Cook. The Vikings signed Latavius Murray this offseason to a three year, five million dollar deal, and then traded up to select Cook in the second round of this year’s NFL draft. That shows how highly Vikings GM Rick Spielman thinks of Cook. That said, Murray is not going to go away quietly and should be the Vikings short yardage and goal line back in 2017, severely limiting Cook’s touchdown upside. However, what Cook lacks in TD upside, he makes up for in versatility. Cook has a decent chance to catch fifty balls this year with Sam “Checkdown” Bradford at quarterback and Pat “Checkdown” Shurmur at offensive coordinator. Cook needs to catch a lot of passes to warrant this third round selection because Cook will most likely not reach 1,000 yards pure rushing behind the atrocious Vikings offensive line (although improved, the personnel is somewhat similar to the same line that was last in the league in yards before contact and gave HOF running back an average of 3.4 YPC). Perennially injured, potently talented receiver Alshon Jeffery was the fourth round choice of Lieberman, and if he’s healthy, he should finish as a low-end WR1. The catch: he’s never healthy. After that, Lieberman reached on Matthew Stafford despite better options being available, but the strength at running back and wide receiver is more than enough to make up for it. Lieberman has a playoff team this year if he avoids the injury bug.

6) Knile River (0-0)<br>
Affectionately named after Knile Davis following a draft day gaffe by manager Teddy Kamin in 2015, the reigning league runner-up no longer goes into the season with something to prove like he did last year, when he was coming off his infamous 1-12 season. With Kamin’s first pick, he nabbed Giants WR Odell Beckham. Beckham, who is still nursing an injury from a nasty hit he took in a preseason game, should be good to go for week one, although he didn’t practice Monday. Happy Labor Day to him, and hopefully that’s all there is to see here. Assuming he is fully healthy by next Sunday, Beckham is a stud WR1. In the second round, Kamin gambled and took suspended running back Ezekiel Elliot, who will miss the first six games (or six games somewhere this year) of 2017 after Roger Goodell suspended him for domestic violence claims. Zeke is a risky pick in the second round, but he could be a league winner come December and Kamin obviously thinks the reward is worth the risk. In the third round, Isaiah Crowell got the phone call from Kamin and looks to see work immediately as the RB2. Crowell, as inconsistent on a weekly basis as they come, had seven games under thirty yards last year. That said, the Browns just might have the best offensive line in the league this year (the Cowboys lost two of their starters, so it’s between Oakland, Cleveland, and Tennessee probably) and will likely be improved defensively, meaning the game script should be more in Crowell’s favor, and we know Hue Jackson loves feeding his running backs. Plus, it looks like Duke Johnson is gearing up for a move to the slot this season, meaning Crowell has the backfield all to himself. Crow is one of the better RB2s in the league. Next, Kamin selected rock-solid Michael Crabtree, who actually has led the Raiders in targets, receptions, and touchdowns both of the last two years. Kamin selected TE Jimmy Graham and Coleman with his next two picks. Coleman is in for some major regression this year after scoring TDs at an obscene rate last season. He is startable as a flex with a high ceiling, but his floor is basically nonexistent and he can put up a goose egg any given week. Kamin’s team lacks a strong flex - in fact, this team probably has the worst flex in the league - but the rest of the lineup makes up for it. With a waiver wire pickup or two, and assuming he doesn’t start out 0-6 in Zeke’s absence, Kamin will be a legitimate championship contender when Zeke gets back. 

7. Justin Tuck You (0-0)<br>
Arguably the deepest team in the entire league, manager Jae Podorovsky opted to select to running backs in the first two rounds, and selected Chargers and Bears workhorses Melvin Gordon and Jordan Howard. Gordon was a monster last season with 14 touchdowns on the ground before missing the final three games due to injury. With a bolstered offensive line and air attack in Los Angeles to open up running lanes for Gordon to run through, Gordon should be able to replicate what he did last season. Jordan Howard is LeVeon Bell super lite: his vision and patience are near the best in the league, but he is not in the same world as Bell physically. Howard lacks breakaway speed and the big play threat that other top-tier RBs have, but he wears defenses down running in the Bears zone blocking scheme. Terrelle Pryor was Podorovsky’s third round pick, and Pryor has fantastic upside but a rather low floor for a third round pick. Last season, Pryor was the best athlete and only competent receiver on the Browns; now, he transitions to Washington DC and will have to fight for targets with the likes of Jamison Crowder, Jordan Reed, Josh Doctson, and Chris Thompson. Next, Podorovsky selected his second WR, Martavis Bryant, in the fourth round. Deemed a reach by many in the fantasy league, Bryant possesses the upside that few wide receivers have. Bryant is the most efficient pure red zone threat (meaning no do-it-all receivers such as Beckham, Green, etc.) in the league. Sorry, Eric Decker, but you just can’t compete with Bryant’s 18 TDs in 21 career games. Bryant averaged 17.5 PPG in full PPR leagues when he was fully healthy and unsuspended in 2015 and looks to build off that as Ben Roethlisberger makes his farewell tour. Ameer Abdullah, CJ Anderson, Jeremy Maclin, and James White provide Podorovsky with fantastic depth (and, unfortunately, some difficult starting lineup decisions). This team lacks at tight end but makes up for it in other ways. Barring any outlandish scenarios such as trading a first round pick after a single game, Podorovsky is in strong position to make the playoffs for the first time in his career. 

8) Loquacious Lamps (0-0)<br>
With the first overall pick in the 2017 NTFFL draft, the Lamps selected LeVeon Bell, the dual threat running back from the Pittsburgh Steelers. Bell, rivaled only by David Johnson, possesses receiving ability that few running backs in history have had and a combo of vision and patience that, arguably, no running back in history has had other than him. Although Johnson is agreed upon by most experts to be the #1 running back, you can’t fault GM Nat Swinger for opting to take Bell. In the second round, Nat opted for the dynamic duo out of Houston, Lamar Miller and DeAndre Hopkins. Hopkins was one of the biggest busts in recent memory last season, and although he was still being peppered with targets by quarterback Brock Osweiler, he had only 78 catches for less than 1,000 yards on the season. The problem with Hopkins last year is that he was peppered with targets by quarterback Brock Osweiler and now with Osweiler out of the system, Hopkins should be in for a better season under quarterback Tom Savage. Although he won’t replicate his 2015 numbers under Brian Hoyer, Hopkins should be able to be a low-end WR1/high-end WR2 and, with LeVeon Bell putting up his ridiculous numbers, that’s more than enough. Lamar Miller was a savvy pick last season but also failed to live up to his first round ADP, mostly due to a lack of touchdowns. Miller was consistent last year due to his yards, but the touchdowns just weren’t there and now the Texas bring in hometown hero and University of Texas alum D’Onta Foreman, a bigger-bodied back who will start the year as a backup but could get more carries as the year goes along. Miller is a solid RB2, but 24 overall earlier than I would have picked him when there are higher upside players with similar floors such as Kareem Hunt and Isaiah Crowell. The Lamps sent fifth round pick Davante Adams packing mere hours after his selection was announced when news broke that Adams was headed to Team Miller in return for John Brown and Corey Coleman. The move gave the Lamps more depth at the WR position, and Swinger’s team arguably boasts the deepest WRs in the league. Unfortunately, you can only start three of them, and Pierre Garcon and DeSean Jackson leave a little to be desired as far as WR2 and the flex position go. However, Travis Kelce is a PPR machine and a solid bet for 120+ targets and 85+ targets. If Kelce can get six or seven TDs this season (his career high is 5 and he had 4 last year), the sky’s the limit. Swinger has a decent team with above average depth and a strictly average starting lineup.


9) Shanghai Sharks (0-0)<br>
In the first round, GM Ezra Wallach selected Antonio Brown, arguably the best wide receiver in the league in real life and certainly the best in fantasy. Brown had 100+ catches for 1,300+ yards last season and it was considered a down year by his standards. That’s all you need to know. In the second round, Wallach opted to take LA Chargers receiver Keenan Allen despite Brandin Cooks being on the board. Later, Wallach was quoted as saying he was not aware that Cook was available at the time of the pick, but Allen is no slouch himself. Despite being labeled as injury prone for only playing nine of the last 32 games, Allen instead looks like he’s just unlucky, as his injuries were a lacerated kidney (how does this even happen?) and a torn ACL (modern medicine makes this injury not as debilitating as it used to be). In 2015, through mid season, Allen was the second overall WR behind Julio Jones before lacerating his kidney. With that kind of upside, second round isn’t that much of a reach. Next, Wallach selected Panthers rookie RB Christian McCaffrey. McCaffrey is arguably the trendiest pick of the first three rounds, as he will have to fight with seasoned vet Jonathon Stewart for early down work and fight with Stewart, Cam Newton, and Greg Olsen for red zone work. However, rookie hype knows no bounds, and, alas, McCaffrey came off the board at 27 overall. That’s not to say it won’t pan out; if McCaffrey can lock down the early down work, he’s a bona fide RB1, but early third round is too rich for my blood. Next, Jordan Reed is the only man in the league who can rival a certain Rob Gronkowski; in fact, two years ago, Reed averaged more PPG than Gronk when healthy. Key words: when healthy. Reed has never played a full season and might be once concussion away from never being able to play a contact sport again. That said, he’s a decent pick where he’s going and will be hellish to play for those who play Wallach when Reed is healthy. The Sharks have Derek Carr, another trendy pick, leading the charge at quarterback. Carr, despite his expensive ADP, was fifteenth at QB on a points per game basis last season so Wallach is counting on Carr improving in his third season at the helm of the Raiders. Doug Martin will sit out his three game suspension riding the pine for Wallach and he has as much upside as anyone going in the fifth round or later. There’s murmurs about Jacquizz Rodgers stealing the job, but here’s the thing: Jacquizz Rodgers is simply not as talented as Doug Martin. When Martin is back, pencil him in as an RB2 and pray he doesn’t injure that delicate hamstring of his. 

10) BUTTERS NATION (0-0)<br>
With his first pick ever in NTFFL, Marc Mestanas opted to take Devonta Freeman. Freeman is the only player to go over 1,000 rushing yards in each of the last two seasons and also the only player to finish as a top six fantasy RB in each of the last two seasons (RB1 in 2015 and RB6 last year). Freeman is as safe as they come, especially after the Falcons made him the highest paid running back in the league with a five year, $50+ million contract. Stan chose Dez Bryant in the second round, and, if Dez stays healthy, he’s one of the best in the business. That said, Dez faces an absolutely brutal schedule this year and, normally, I don’t pay attention to schedules when drafting, but Dez has struggled historically when facing top cornerbacks and he faces nine cornerbacks that Pro Football Focus deemed “elite”. Between Dez’s injury concerns and the brutal schedule, Dez is a risky pick in the second round. Stan traded for Kareem Hunt in the mid-afternoon on Monday, sending shockwaves through the league as Stan bolstered his RB2. Hunt, a third-round rookie out of Toledo, lacks the talent that Fournette/Mixon/McCaffrey/Cook have, but he has the best situation out of any rookie. Furthermore, Andy Reid’s #1 running back has been a top ten RB in nine of the last thirteen seasons. Now, you have to take into account that those running backs were Jamaal Charles and LeSean McCoy, but still, point stands. Hunt is a strong RB2 heading into the season. I the fourth round, Stan took Kelvin Benjamin, the big-bodied Carolina Panthers receiver. Benjamin is alleged to have lost 15-20 pounds this offseason and supposedly looks quicker, which can only bode well for the Florida State product. Benjamin’s upside is limited because there are so many mouths to feed in the Carolina offense (Newton, Stewart, McCaffrey, Olsen, Funchess, and Benjamin), especially in the red zone, where Benjamin has historically made his money by using his strong frame to bully cornerbacks. Benjamin should top seventy-five catches and eight touchdowns this season and is a strong WR2 with low-end WR1 upside. After that, Marc’s team starts to decline, starting with tight end Delanie Walker. Walker, regarded by most as safe, could turn out to be anything but. The Titans return Rishard Matthews and then brought in big name free agent Eric Decker (one of the best red zone threads in the league) and used a top five pick on Corey Davis out of Western Michigan, another great red zone threat. Combine that with the fact that the Titans are one of the run-heaviest teams in the league and Walker’s numbers declined steeply last season despite only having Rishard Matthews and Tajae Sharpe to compete for targets with, and you’ve got a potentially overdrafted player in Delanie Walker. Walker will still catch a fair amount of passes and rack up decent yards, but don’t expect him to catch 8+ TDs like he did when he was younger.

11) Game of Jones (0-0)<br>
The first two rounds went as smoothly as GM Griffen Schmelter could have hoped for as he locked up two top ten wide receivers from 2016 in Julio Jones and Doug Baldwin. From there, Griffen selected Marshawn Lynch, who will run behind Oakland Raiders beefed-up offensive line which could challenge for the best line in the league. That said, Marshawn Lynch has been out of the league for a year and a half and wasn’t even effective last time he was in the league, with 417 yards on 111 carries, good for a pretty underwhelming 3.8 yards per carry. Now, a year and a half removed from the game of football and at age 32, and he’s a risky pick in the third round, especially after the Raiders said that they’d like to limit Lynch to under two hundred carries. Lynch could end up being an RB1 this season, but there’s also a chance that he decides he likes eating Skittles more than he likes playing football and retire by week five. Schmelter selected Bilal Powell as his RB2, and, although Powell has a fairly high floor, his ceiling is limited by the Jets offense. Jarvis Landry is a decent flex, although his value is falling as of late as Jay Cutler develops rapport with third year receiver and breakout candidate DeVante Parker. Parker is exactly the kind of deep threat that Cutler loves, and Cutler even described him as a “faster Alshon”. With that and a pending domestic violence case hanging over his head, Landry is a risky pick in the fourth round. Schmelter has also articulated his desire to stream tight ends and he’ll begin the year with rookie Evan Engram, a physical freak in a fairly decent situation. That said, rookie tight ends almost never produce and chances are strong that Engram won’t end up being startable this season. Overall, Schmelter’s team isn’t terrible, but if Lynch doesn’t pan out and/or Julio or Baldwin get injured, the season is over for this team.

12) Dan the Man (0-0)<br>
In the first round, GM Nicholas Kebo opted for Saints second year receiver Michael Thomas. Thomas, a former second round pick from Ohio State, dazzled in his debut season, starting the year as the #3 receiver on the depth chart behind Willie Snead and Brandin Cooks, and gradually becoming the Saints go-to receiver. By making the decision to let Brandin Cooks walk this offseason, the Saints made their intentions clear: they see Michael Thomas as a go-to receiver, and who can blame them? Thomas had the second-most catches ever by a rookie with 92, trailing only Anquan Boldin’s 101 catches as a rookie, and Thomas finished seventh among wide receivers in fantasy points in 2016. Thomas is not the physical freak that Julio Jones and AJ Green are; he lacks top-end speed, but he makes up for that with his smarts and the ability to use his body in the red zone. Thomas caught 9 TDs last year despute beginning the year as the Saints #3 receiver. Historically, Brees’ top receiver has had a ~20% target share which means Thomas is looking at 130 targets or so, which is less than other first-round receivers like Green, Evans, etc., but Green, Evans, etc. don’t have Drew Brees throwing them the ball. However, New Orleans, similar to New England, likes to take what the defense gives them, so if Thomas is shadowed by a top-tier cornerback or the defense schemes to take him away, it means he probably won’t have a very strong week. However, over the course of a whole season, the simple fact that Thomas is Drew Brees’ #1 warrants a first round pick. At #14 overall, Kebo took Rob Gronkowski, a game-changer in real life and fantasy at tight end. If Gronk plays all 16 games, he is a surefire first round pick. Thing is, he has played sixteen games zero times in the last five years. After Gronk, Kebo selected Demaryius Thomas, who somehow fell to pick 35 despite being #24 overall, and then Tom Brady, whom Kebo later stated was the #1 QB on his Big Board. Unfortunately, taking two WRs, a tight end, and a QB in the first four rounds meant that Kebo is forced to go into the season with Frank Gore and Eddie Lacy at running back. Gore, a thirty-four year old running back who hasn’t missed a game in years, has been as uninspiring yet solid as they come in the last few years. Unfortunately for Gore, the Colts brought in rookie Marlon Mack, former Redskin Matt Jones, and retained Robert Turbin, plus Andrew Luck continues to deal with his shoulder injury, which will clog up running lanes for this already crowded backfield. Eddie Lacy, meanwhile, sits at the #2 RB on the Seahawks official depth chart behind Thomas Rawls, and will have to run behind the worst offensive in the league, per Pro Football Focus. Lacy is a fringe RB4/5 and Kebo is going into the season with him as his RB2. Plus, Kebo lacks depth, and he lacks depth in an enormous way. Jamaal Charles, FantasyPros #147 overall, is Kebo’s RB3. Tom Brady, Gronk, and the Thomas brothers will need to carry this team every week if they have playoff aspirations.

