---
layout: article
title: About the NTTFL
tags: [About]
authors: [NTFFL Commissioners]
---

About the NTFFL

Established in 2011, the New Trier Fantasy Football began as an amateur league of eight people, and has since developed into one of the premier twelve person leagues in Cook County, Illinois. Only five (Jack Miller, Nat Swinger, Nicholas Kebo, Andrew Kost, and John Keenan) of the original eight remain, with the rest having joined after the league's first year. 

Originally, Nicholas Kebo and Jack Miller joined a public league on NFL.com in 2010. This marked the first time that multiple members of the original six NTFFL players linked up and played fantasy football together. The next year, in 2011, the original six - Jack Miller, Nat Swinger, Andrew Kost, John Keenan, Nicholas Kebo, and Cameron Chang - came together to form what is now the NTFFL. Jason Miller and Ben Keenan served as emergency fill-ins to complete the eight team league. In the league's inaugural year, Andrew Kost defeated Jason Miller in the championship after Marshawn Lynch scored 25+ points (standard scoring) to lock up the title. 

Since then, Ezra Wallach (2014), Griffen Schmelter (2014), Jae Podorovsky (2014), Colin Gorney (2014), Eli Lieberman (2015), Teddy Kamin (2015), and Marc Mestanas (2017) have joined the league. Cameron Chang left the league after the 2016 season due to inactivity and not being as enthusiastic about fantasy football as the other members of the league. The current members of the league are Jack Miller, Nat Swinger, Nicholas Kebo, John Keenan, Andrew Kost, Ezra Wallach, Griffen Schmelter, Jae Podorovsky, Colin Gornet, Eli Lieberman, Teddy Kamin, and Marc Mestanas.

In 2015, Jack Miller took over as commissioner of the NTFFL. Miller's first move was to expand the league from ten to twelve teams, add decimal scoring, and make the league 0.5 PPR. In 2016, Miller pushed to change the league waiver system to FAAB (Free Agent Acquisition Budget), a system in which, rather than simply reversing the standings to determine the waiver order, each team is given $100 at the start of the season, which the teams use to bid on unowned players. $0 bids are allowed under the current waiver system.

**League Champions**

Champion|Year
:--|:--|
Andrew Kost|2011
Andrew Kost|2012
Jack Miller|2013
John Keenan|2014
Nat Swinger|2015
Ezra Wallach|2016

**NTFFL Record Book**

Description|Holder (Record)|Year
:--|:--|
Most Points in One Week|Ezra Wallach (156.9)|2016
Fewest Points in One Week|Jae Podorovsky (52.9)|2016






To view the league page on ESPN, click the link and log in: [http://games.espn.com/ntffl](http://games.espn.com/ffl/leagueoffice?leagueId=255635&seasonId=2017)

<sup><sup>***Nat Swinger and Jack Miller run the NTFFL website.***<sup></sup>
